RHIDP-7802: Adding short description to Home cards (#1396)
redhat-developer/red-hat-developers-documentation-rhdh: modules/customizing-the-home-page/proc-customizing-the-home-page-cards.adoc

[id="customizing-the-home-page-cards_{context}"]
= Customizing the Home page cards

As an administrator, you can customize the layout and content of the Home page to create a tailored user experience. This includes integrating various specialized cards into the primary view.

The Home page layout uses a 12-column grid system. You can precisely define the position (x), width (w), and height (h) for each card across multiple screen breakpoints:

> * Extra-large (xl)

Reviewer: To fix this:

<img width="915" height="124" alt="Screenshot_2025-09-19_2" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/8ed08541-64f1-4b22-b6c0-9cd15fcc8e53" />

Search::
+

> You can use the *SearchBar* card to provide essential search functionality directly on the Home page. 

Reviewer: To clarify that this is optional, and for consistency, WDYT of this (for all occurences):

```suggestion
Optionally, use the *SearchBar* card to provide essential search functionality directly on the Home page. 
```

Reviewer: Additionally, for readability, consider transforming these sentences into ordered list items, rather than a description list:

1. Optionally, configure the *SearchBar* card to provide essential search functionality directly on the Home page.  (+ example)
2. Optionally, configure the *QuickAccessCard* card to function as a customizable shortcut panel.
3. etc.

> --

Reviewer: Consider fixing block indentation on the entire module with list continuation markup. See https://docs.asciidoctor.org/asciidoc/latest/lists/continuation/#list-continuation

```suggestion
+
--
```

Quick access::
+
You can use the *QuickAccessCard* card to function as a customizable shortcut panel.

> --

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+
--
```

Markdown::
+

> You can use the *Markdown* card to display richly formatted content directly within the Home page layout. This card uses Markdown syntax to present structured information, such as lists and links (documentation and plugin repositories).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the *Markdown* card to display richly formatted content directly within the Home page layout. This card uses Markdown syntax to present structured information, such as lists and links (documentation and plugin repositories).
+
```

Placeholder::
+

> You can use the *Placeholder* card as a utility element for reserving space or for layout testing on the Home page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the *Placeholder* card as a utility element for reserving space or for layout testing on the Home page.
+
```

Catalog starred entities::
+

> You can use the *CatalogStarredEntitiesCard* card to provide a dedicated space on the Home page for users to view catalog entities that they have marked as starred.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the *CatalogStarredEntitiesCard* card to provide a dedicated space on the Home page for users to view catalog entities that they have marked as starred.
+
```

EntitySection::
+

> You can use the *EntitySection* card to create a visually engaging section that highlights catalog entities of various kinds, such as components, APIs, resources, and so on.

Reviewer 2: @pabel-rh , currently we are showing this kinds ['Component', 'API', 'Resource', 'System']. Can we update accordingly?
